Using plivo.com, I recorded a conversation between advance fee fraud
scammers. I played the message to my google voicemail to get a
transcript for the first 3 minutes. Unhappy with the first transcript,
I tried several times with different volume levels. Results:

<h>The line "do not want to chat with the possums" strikes me as
extremely funny for some reason</h>

master-front-16.mp3 (the master front volume was set to 16% for this
transcription):

Hey, tomorrow. Yes, Hello. So yeah, how it's going to speak to Mr. Joe
space, yeah, I talked to Mr advancement, may I help you hear
deals. Peace. How you stick into despite his list. So, but if we have
put it on the bed by Department of. I gave you. Sorry, use the
kids. Well, hey james, griffey did. I'm calling from the A T I
department. Ohh, The one hand you okay You know how are you today I'm
a ride home right now. All the company. We got your email all your
email, you said I'm gonna certain, but I don't know what's going on
the lease from my own fees. Give on them all involved, could you call,
you will. This is an update me on my own coffee see another day. This
is also do not want to chat with the possums. Thank you so if you got
plenty of people, okay easiest you know for leaving. This is an is no
harm the admission Hi Rachel, fresh functions. Dr introduce you know I
don't know. I don't know if you have no bye how my a conflict find
it. And I was, which is 4 showers. I don't know. Yeah, all that I've
really lost. And I have no problem You know I was thinking of kind of
a problem okay. A dot. U health. Let me know. That's on the bus. Love
you know probably you know Yes Yes How you doing okay. I have to. I
okay just listen. Tough to me You called us a little 8 so if you need
to know this is all I was calling to your name 8. Clean cut update
it. Decide you cut. Yeah, and all that you need to use to do these
possible son of a lot to do a little photo shoot them not to be
Shelties okay bye solved. So I just. I just called to say Hey, this is
calling for maybe a I mean. Yeah just call the phone. If you guys over
here. You can call you know.

master-front-23.mp3 (the master front volume was set to 23% for this
transcription):

Hey, tomorrow. Yes. Hello, No. Yeah, soliciting to the Cecil
Street. Yeah. I talked to Mr advancement, may I help you. Yeah, joe
six. How are you speaking soon. Please. Decades of list so So if you
have put it on the FBI, Department of. I gave you. Sorry, use the
kids. Well, hey james, griffey did. I'm calling from the A
C. I. Department of over here and you okay You know how are you today
I'm all right. How are you all the company. We got your email. All new
email you so that I'm gonna soon, but I don't know what's going on the
lease tomorrow. Please give a and I won't be involved, could you call,
you will. This is okay. You have my ovaries email the day. This is all
something I want to chat with the pastels. Hi details with plenty of
people, okay. In this email for leaving. This is not from the
admissions serious of responses. I can introduce you know I don't
know. I don't know if you have Omar, how my a conflict find it. And I
was, which is 40 charge I don't know. Yeah I'll have the only thing we
want. We have no problem. You Know mistake else is going a little
problem. Okay, a dog you have posted on you know that's on the
bus. Love you know. But I think you know Yeah, Yes, I'm sorry, okay. I
have to. I okay the, just listen closely. You can call this a little 8
so if you need to know this is all I was calling to unit 865 updated
the site. Jim cut. Yeah all you ladies to do these are also so I don't
know if you build ohh you know the issue of peace. Okay bye. So,
I'll. So I just. I just started to hate this call is for maybe a Yeah
just call the phone. If you guys over here. You can call ya ha ha ha
ha. I think I'm calling him.

master-front-26.mp3 (the master front volume was set to 26% for this
transcription):

Hey, tomorrow. Yes. Hello, No. Yeah, how so. I speak to Mr. Joe space,
yeah, I talked to Mr. How may I help you. Yes else makes your your
speaking to you. Please give us a list of. Rick freedoms put it on the
Department of. I gave you. Sorry, use the kids. Well, hey jess group
to get. I'm calling from the A C. I. Department, so. Go ahead and give
you okay You know how are you today I'm a ride home, right. All the
company. We got your email all your email, you said I'm gonna sleep as
I don't know, one of these. So, my whole fees. Give on the multiple
Because, no problem. This is up that you have my ovaries in the other
day. This is also if you don't want to chat with the pastels HI
details you know plenty of people, okay easiest email for Leaving,
heard anything from admission to reserve responses. I can introduce
you know I don't know how do I love to have, how. Bye, how my
Consulate on it. And I was, which is 4 showers. I don't know. Yeah,
all that I've really lost. The Call, no problem. You know I was
thinking of going a little problem okay. I don't you have posted on
you know that's on the bus. Love you know probably you know Yes
Yes. How you doing okay. I have to. I okay the, just south listing
tell me You called us a little it, so if you need to know this is all
I was calling to Unity. 8 AM cut update. 50 site cut. Yeah, I'll let
you know, he's just Judy's possible so I don't know if you see
bills. What I wish you could, I'd like to be sure. Peace, bye It's all
good. Hello, I just. I just started to take this call is for maybe a I
mean. Yeah just call the phone. If you guys over here. You can call
me. I will talk to him.

master-front-32.mp3 (the master front volume was set to 32% for this
transcription):

Yeah, this is the call. No yeah, how is that I speak to her, Mr, gells
peace. Yeah. I talked to Mr management, may I help you. Yeah Hill,
snakes, you'll stick into despite his list. So, Group reserves put it
on the I. Department of. I gave you. Sorry, use the kids. Well, hey
jen. Repeat it, put it on the i see i department. Ohh, over here in
New York, okay yeah. How are you today I'm all right home, right. All
the company. We got your email all your email you so that I'm going on
it's own, but I don't know what's going on those days, for my whole
fees. Give on the mount single could you call you. Hopeful This is
what that you have my own if you see another day. This is also and I
want to chat with the sales talk to you soon as you know plenty of
people. Hey easiest email for leaving. This is no from hasn't
even. Cyrilsoft responses. I can introduce you know I don't know, kind
of addresses of the home are how my account was on, and I was, which
is 40 showers. I don't know. Yeah. Hello Family, we won't. We have no
problem. It was Nicholson's got a little problem. Okay adult you have
to money though, does on the bus. Love you know. But I think you know
Yes Yes. How you doing okay. I have to. I okay. Just, let's take care
of too late. You called us a little it what you need to know this is
bill. Call me. Julie 865 I'll get that you say. If you cut. Yeah, I'm
all you need to. Just to ease Austin son of a lot to do a little. What
I should be on the issue piece, bye So walk, so I just. I just called
to say Hey, this call is for maybe a I mean. Yeah just call the
phone. If you guys over here. You can call you. I was just I'm
calling.

original.mp3: first 3m of the original recording; full recording
(16m21s) is at http://s3.amazonaws.com/plivocloud/4c743546-7e1b-11e2-9060-002590662312.mp3, see also http://wordpress.barrycarter.info/index.php/2013/03/22/long-conversation-between-scammers/

Transcription (from manual-transcribe.srt; 1 and 2 identify different
speakers):

1: Hello?
2: Yeah, hello
1: Hello
2: Please can I speak to
2: Mr Jones please
1: Yeah, you're talking to
1: Mr Jones please. How may I help you?
2: You're John
2: Smith. You
2: speaking to... you
2: to Mr
2: Grequeelance(?) calling from
2: FBI department over here in New York
1: Sorry?
2: You speaking to Agent
2: Grequeelance(?)
2: I'm calling from the FBI Department
2: over here in New York
1: OK
2: Yeah
2: How are you today?
1: I'm all right. How are you?
2: Ah, listen to me, we got your email.
2: Your email, you said that
2: I'm Anthony(?) but I do not want to handle
2: this through my office
2: given the amount involved. Could you
2: [call me]? on your [sic] [home] phone?
2: Please do not [contact] me at my office
2: email again. This is not something
2: I want to share with my partners
2: Thank you, John Smith, Attorney at Law
1: OK
2: Is this email from you?
1: This email is not from me
1: I've been receiving series
1: of reg conses(?) but
1: [about?] this email, I don't know.
1: Can I be frank(?) with you?
1: I don't know how, how my
1: how my account was
1: spammed(?) and how it was
1: used for
1: such(?). I don't know
2: Yeah, it had to be [talking over each other]
2: We have no problem
2: You listen carefully: we have no problem
2: OK, don't you have a
2: personal email? Don't tell me(?) personal
2: email? Private email?
1: Yeah
1: Yes, I do.
2: OK 1: Yes, I
1: do 2: I
2: OK, mmm...
2: You just have to listen carefully
2: You have the
2: sum of 8.3 million dollars(?)
2: coming to your name
2: ATM card
2: They said(?) this is an ATM card
2: Yeah
2: All you need is to do is
2: uh, to send $150
2: for shipping and activation
2: fees
1: [laughter]
1: [laughter]
2: Hello?
1: Oh, why geez(?), are you sure
1: this call is from
1: FBI?
1: hmmm? 2: Yeah
2: this call is from
2: FBI over here in
1: no, no, no, no, no 2: I just
2: I'm calling [crosstalk]

cmu-output-whole-file.txt: CMU Sphinx's transcription of the whole
file, courtesy Nikolay Shmyrev
(http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15590183/)

voicebase-transcribe.txt: voicebase.com's transcription of the whole file



