TODO: mention other blog

TODO: year starts at solstice? (for this blog?)

TODO: look over stack qustions I starred recently

TODO: template.txt, creds.txt

TODO: create categories (from command line or interface)

TODO: fix theme

TODO: customize options

TODO: consider political blog

TODO: allow arbitrary tags in post header (anything that
wp_post_create or whatever can take)

TODO: add options recognized by parser, eg bc_markdown or bc_tags or something

TODO: allow [tags] like this

TODO: see README.wordpress in this dir for more

TODO: log temperature scale blog (if not already done, google first)

TODO: smash-the-stack category + descrip + link to my post on stack + link to stacksucks.txt (or post entire thing locally)

TODO: LaTeX convertor

TODO: see README.bcinfo3.sites.jekyll for more

TODO: standard disclaimer (as tag?)

TODO: tag [unsure]

TODO: mention pbs3

TODO: jokes.txt

TODO: word connect sunni thing

TODO: replay angry birds pop low levels to easily get golden feathrs

TODO: at level 21 in angry birds if you play as guest red you can clear the board have bubbles left and not kill the 4th pig

TODO: eye drops people ripping people off!

TODO: why does word connect recognize SUNNI as a word?

TODO: angry birds: reply lower levels to get golden feathers when guest bird in play

TODO: see if there are canonical pages for astro formulas, if not, create page?

TODO: questions I'v estarred on stack: https://stackexchange.com/users/144803/barrycarter?tab=favorites (ordered by most recent)

TODO: why i use googling (lower case verb), google fiber vs net neutrarility

TODO: locusts posts as blog entry

TODO: maybe make commissioned story as my first blog entry (or sticky), perhaps retrodate to 1/1/18

TODO: "i was stranded" story for blog?

TODO: "katie" story for blog (w/ intro "this got me banned")?

TODO: https://www.iamfreeon.com/?c=l4hgz are spammers, maybe fill up their calendar w/ crap

TODO: minor bug people giving names to stuff ive been doing since the early 80s

TODO: doctor evil why no rotating chair

TODO: coke zero 2l bottle expiration date almost hidden at top of bottle

TODO: twohalfmen 911 is landing strip

TODO: wkrp is crap

TODO: gillis vs gilligan

TODO: kate allie double trouble twins

TODO: gaijin immunity

TODO: dino, dog or dinosaur?

TODO: burning fog vs oxidation

TODO: fastv and upload videos (+ links to youtube and dailymotion) [using wp add file or similar]

TODO: January 17.PDF worst name for statement for jan 17 2018

TODO: nonbinary gender is older concept

TODO: closed form astronomy formulas (no one has done?)

TODO: grep confusing no match message blog

TODO: gravity as imaginary electricity

TODO: microsoft hello world program even thinks wrong

TODO: larry sanders 101 weasels arent rodnets

TODO: why did garden weasel commerical air larry sanders 101

TODO: does 16oz rockstar taste different from 24oz rockstar

TODO: fukang meteorite has a fukang good name

TODO: snapshot the mole has a mole GLUE mole mole is gone later (this is penultimateish episode)

TODO: larry sanders 406 tampering with ups probably not a felony

TODO: indians pretending to be americans (freelancer.com is a hot bed)

TODO: 4 quartiles of temperature = season?

TODO: why static in star trek communications

TODO: AOL application in Future Man 110-- wasn't in QuantumLink then?

TODO: future man 109 Tab (drink) reference may be to Back to the Future

TODO: jeffersons episode in future man has words "and to those who feel that plastic bags"

TODO: man feh misspells both space and backspace as keysyms

TODO: do they use the word "fuck" in the good place episode 104 early
on (if so, it is in a flashback? still weird given that it's network)

TODO: in good place 106, does chiti shake an 8-ball without moving it?

TODO: shared vs shred

TODO: tales from crypt 201-- didnt say rich widow

TODO: rules of engagement 405 sputters out... (are 407 and 406 out of
order? 405 and 407 make sense as consecutive eps)

TODO: tales from crypt 202 why evil laugh ending

TODO: adam gets noticably stupider rules of engagement

TODO: pork and beef wings

TODO: rules of engagement 409 jeff refers to timmy as she early

TODO: total 6 million to fix up its 6 million dollar man (tales from crypt episode old/young man)

TODO: rules of engagement diner serves alcohol in 413, but not in earlier ep when russell wants some

TODO: rules of engagement 501 seems to pick up from a non-413 episode

TODO: tales/crypt 207 if pics incl gloria what she said to police wouldve incriminated

TODO: peyote reference sausage party

TODO: the other guy got her prego tales crypt 205

TODO: tales from crypt 209, what does girl give dead lady and did she know all along

TODO: arcadia charges me on 3/1 instead of 3/19 though they did allow cc payments which helps (blog this, but they make trivial amount)








